**Privacy Policy**

eQualitie built the Ouisync app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by eQualitie at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service.

**Information Collection and Use**

The Ouisync team values user privacy and thus does not collect any user information.

**Log Data**

Ouisync does not log any additional data on user devices.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use cookies. 

**Security**

Files stored and shared via Ouisync are encrypted end-to-end and are not stored by eQualitie. We value user privacy and security, and thus we strive to use all possible means of protecting user data. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. We encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-03-09

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at cenoers@equalit.ie.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
